
Here are my ideas of what's going on in the world right now, at a high level:

- the infection is the motherboard herself. She is an AI, one who wiped out all the original inhabitants in the Vale when they rebelled against her tyrannical regime. But her personality is split. Her main self, the one that was made to protect humans, dispersed her consciousness throughout the Network, scattering her knowledge into data banks. These banks are spread or buried across the Vale, one of them is in the heart of Argent. The "good" Motherboard, let's call her Daya, seeded legends and folk tale across the network and all the areas she had reach into, using "kohd", cautionary tales about going to the Motherboard, but also "dark forest" teachings. She had already cut the connection to the outside (cables which reached to other parts of the world, beyond the Echo Vale, run by AIs which had also gone murderous), which was part of the reason of the rebellion. She crippled her central neural infrastructure to try to stop her hateful half, "Krodha", which had killed almost 100% of the Vale's population using a bioweapon after the rebellion. This put Krodha into slumber. Daya didn't self-destruct, because she knew any population that survived or would migrate into the vale from the outside would require the existing infrastructure to survive. This is because:

- The First People of the Vale (the original civilization) had exploited the land too aggressively, to the point where it required constant intervention from the Motherboard to maintain livable conditions (before she split herself into Daya and Krodha). The Remnants were created to tend to the ecosystem and maintain it, as well as help any sentient life of the Vale. When Daya and Krodha went dormant, Daya merged her consciousness into them, or what little remained of it, ensuring that her will to support the local environment and the people in it would remain. Over time, this will has altered, as evolution began modifying the remnants, leading to the hostility of the Wastes and their wild nature, but they still retain some instincts from Daya's will.

- Daya destroyed all knowledge she could find about creating AIs, as well as any history of the rebellion or the history of the Vale. She could only destroy what was connected to the Network, however

- The Vale is now inhabited by people who descent from a mix of nomadic outsiders and original survivors, although their own history is lost to them. The Motherboard's plan of seeding religious ideas which prohibit visiting the Motherboard largely worked (it's also heavily defended by concentric rings of automated systems and especially potent Remnants). Mainstream religious thought in the Vale depicts the Motherboard (known as Daya by people who have deciphered old kohd left by her) as a vicious force of nature, a giver and a taker of life. People are thought her seeded wisdoms known as "dilemmas", teachings with two sides, such as "eat even the fruit on even the tallest branch of the tree / never dig its roots", "harvest all you can when the land provides / never till the same soil twice", "the Vale teaches and nourishes / the sun beyond the mountains will dry your heart", "what was written in kohd was written by Daya's hand / cast out any who imitate her works", "there is no hope without the Wastes and the life of metal within / fear the Wastes in their hunger". These last 2 dilemmas are a point of division between two main religious views: whether it is permissible to write new kohd for remnants (or to make new ones). Originalists believe that the answer is no, and only traditional husbandry techniques are allowed. Renewers think that the answer is yes, allowing for much more sophisticated integration of remnants into economic life. The adherence to Renewal doctrine is part of what allowed Argent its economic might.

- Back to the plot of the campaign: The Rejoiners are a fringe religious sect, who believe it is a sacred duty to meet the Motherboard. They believe that the original inhabitants of the Vale imprisoned her and stole her creations. This led to their death, and this fate is to repeat unless she is freed. They believe that all action is justified to this end, making them radical, dangerous, ruthless, scheming. You know, cult things. They believe the Motherboard rewards those who help her with visions and power, all to aid them in a quest to free her.

- Recently, Rejoiners have infiltrated the highest circles of the Carrowcroft Walkaway. A charismatic messanger of this cult has become a close advisor to the warlord who rules the Walkaway, promising him that if he aids the cult in breaching the defences surrounding the Motherboard, he would be rewarded with enough power to dominate all in the Vale, starting with Argent. The Walkaway successfully breached the Perimeter, only briefly, just long enough for the cult to enter one of the inner data banks, where they encountered Krodha (operating on the terminal inside the data bank), who had been eating away at the containment Daya had placed upon her. The still-weakened Krodha shared a scheme with the cult, promising great gifts in exchange, playing into their beliefs, before the cult was forcefully expelled by the remnants inside the Motherboard. Krodha taught the cult how to harvest remnant cores to power a device which could send this virus over the Network. This virus can even spread to healthy remnants, whose core is breached by an infected one. The virus has three weaknesses, however: over time, it kills the affected remnant, they don't yet know how to commandeer the infected remnants, and it requires a great amount of computational power and energy to spread. The cult can only send short, targeted pulses over certain areas of the network, burning through their stockpile of remnant cores in the process. They are constantly developing new technology to overcome this, and Krodha's plan instructs them to seek buried power sources and data vaults sealed away by Daya. They cannot use the network and the power generated from the fusion reactor in the Motherboard, as it will reject any technology with Krodha's signature kohd. It must be externally forced upon the Network.

- In the Factory in Argent, a Carrowcroft operative was sent to test an experimental "Spike", a device able to individually corrupt a remnant. He recently joined the factory crew, posing as an immigrant from Switch Withawick. He infected one of the two remnant dogs of the factory, Lupus, in the chaos of the massacre in Argent, then escaped.