It feels very difficult to do it, but I think I've begun to be a little more compassionate to myself. The truth is that I do treat myself worse than I would a friend, and there's no reason for that. 

I realize now that I've tied my self-worth to my ability to be extremely good at the things I want to do and to achieve my goals very quickly, according to an imagined pure path. This has been a mistake, because
- My worth as a person is just not dependent on any outcome of mastery. I wouldn't treat my friends or family this way. I don't value them because of their achievements. I might commend them for their work, I might respect them for their dedication. But it wouldn't fundamentally change their worth or how much I cherish them. I love them as people.
- This attitude has ironically made the goals themselves more secondary (since I'm actually just thinking about myself) and harder to achieve (since I've placed all this pressure and negativity on them).
- I've made myself feel very bad, and I don't deserve that. There's no point in being so cruel with myself, it hasn't even "produced results".

I've begun to feel like the only positive thing about me is my potential. When I sit down to do something and I'm bad at it, it shatters that "potential" image (for some reason, probably because I have these preconceptions about how easily it should go for me). So then the learning process itself makes me feel like an idiot, like I'm delusional for even trying, because I'm not living up to the expectation. I hear myself saying "you will never succeed". But why? Why would I say this lie to myself? I think it's probably to protect myself from failure. If my self worth is inside this goal, failing at it is very dangerous. It's everything. I will have proved that I am fully worthless. That's on top of just regular fear and anxiety about being able to "make it"  in game dev. Of course, this fundamental fear of worthlessness affects all my skills and passions, even those where the stakes would otherwise be lower. 

I also have this anxiety about being "too old", I don't have much time. This is the greatest fear. And because I have so little time, I need to do it extremely quickly now or else I'll fail. I'll be too old to make it in game dev. I'll be too old to be fluent in Japanese and hang out with Japanese people and maybe move to Japan one day (even though I already know I want to stay home for at least another 3 years). I'll be too old to have a beautiful girlfriend and maybe my hair will fall out (even though my hairline seems fine and my dad still has hair). And yeah, maybe I won't get to things at the ideal age. That will make it harder for me. I won't have the *perfect life*. Maybe the choices I've made before have had these consequences for my life now and some things I'll never get the chance to do or they'll be harder to achieve because of that. Is it okay to have an imperfect life? Can I still do so many valuable, noble things and see so much beauty? Can I meet and share my life with so many wonderful people? Can I pursue my values and give something good to this world? Can I take care of myself and those around me? Can there still be immense pleasure and wonder and wisdom and kindness in my life, and can I add to these things for others? I think so. I think an imperfect life is still worth living. And a lot of these fears are based on an imagined future I can't possibly predict, fueled by my conviction that who I am right now is worthless, and therefore all these things I need to achieve to be an interesting and good person.

Moreover, the mistakes of the past, the years wasted, why did I waste them? Because I had this very same attitude. All I'm doing by continuing this tyrannical, cruel mindset is ensuring that I'll be in this same place in a few years as well. Is it truly better to have had the "potential" for a *perfect* life where we 100% "make up for lost time" and we achieve everything we wanted, potential which is never actually realized and lived, while our actual life is miserable, empty, filled with nothing but the maladaptive coping structures we've created to deal with this pain? I don't think so. I think it's not worth it just to have that illusion. And the ironic part is that I actually do think I'm pretty clever, but that will never actually mean anything or translate into anything unless I am okay with imperfectly doing things, not being a prodigy. But even if I'm not, choosing to keep the perception of my own potential means sparing my ego some immediate, acute pain, to the downside of every other part of myself and even the long-term suffering of the ego too. Because it doesn't feel good to be a "might-have-been" either. It doesn't feel good to constantly be comparing myself to people who "succeeded". It doesn't feel good to constantly torment myself as a "loser". I have this  fear that if I let go of my ego, that'd be a disaster because feeling bad about myself and hating myself by beating up on my ego is the method I have to actually achieve things, but that hasn't worked so far, has it? Despite constantly making fun of myself and torturing my ego every day, it hasn't moved the needle at all.

And that's another base reality fact I'm beginning to acknowledge. All these assumptions about what I should be able to do, about what parts of myself I need to keep around and keep abusing or else I'll fail... they don't work. They haven't worked and they've produced a bad life. I feel myself being sad, obsessed, frustrated, anxious all the time with no respite. It's sucked the color and joy out of life. It's made me so judgmental of others as I see in them the parts I've begun to hate in myself. And for what? What have I gained? No, these have not been good choices and this is not a healthy mindset. It's just what I've learned to do without processing it, without stopping to think of what I'm doing  to myself. It's how I've formed my identity growing up and how I've coped with failure and negative emotions. But by not processing how I felt, I've allowed my emotions to shape a venomous, self-defeating system. I've slowly trapped myself in with this hopeless attitude.

And I need to be compassionate about that. I've suffered. A lot. I haven't had an easy life. And yeah it wasn't the worst it could have been, but there was still pain and the child version of myself adapted as he could. And that's okay. I can heal. And I've done some good things too, and I've been brave and I've grown, even as I struggled with all this. My mind has developed this way to protect me. To take care of me. Because it cares about me, even when I don't. It instinctively tries to keep me safe and alive and fed and comfortable. There's always someone there trying to protect me. And I appreciate it for that. We'll always be together, all the parts of myself. 

I now need to process my emotions and keep learning. Learn again what failure feels like and how to deal with it. Learn how to be kind to myself. Learn how to motivate myself. Learn how to keep at something consistently without abusing myself (which doesn't work, right?). Learn how to organize myself and take care of myself in a healthy and kind way. Help teach my mind that there are other ways to live and that it can work and be okay. And that I don't hate it and won't try to shut off all the comfortable parts of life. I don't want to destroy, I want to renew, to nurture. To allow these wounds inside to heal. To help this body heal. To reach into life and feel its fundamental goodness. To feel harmony and  balance. And comfort is part of that balance, too. Thinking about that, feeling that... it feels good, right? It feels right to do. I feel a warmth inside myself as I liberate myself from the self torture and venom. Hatred is so painful, it rends the soul. Now I place a kind hand on my heart. And I say: "You matter. I love you. You don't need to prove anything anymore. You don't need to do anything right now to be worth loving. I allow you to be free from this pain." And now I feel like the walls have come down a little. Like some inner peace has begun to settle. Which is worthwhile. I deserve to feel at peace with myself. No matter what I accomplish. It's good to be good to myself. And I hear this fear inside of myself, that being good like this will mess everything up, that I'll become complacent. But I understand this fear now. It cares about me and is trying to protect me. But I don't have to do what it suggests. Because I know that doesn't work, that it's cruel and unfair. I think we should find a way to achieve what we wish to achieve and pursue what we feel is valuable without hating ourselves. That's an important precondition. I should take care of myself too. And I think that being kind to myself is actually part of getting to those goals too. Certainly the self-hatred hasn't helped in all these years. Even if it had, I should seek a way to become masterful in these areas and to live these values while also being kind to myself, because I just deserve kindness and love. Just for being. And that is itself a value, a virtue. So we are getting a little closer just from that. And isn't that nice?