## Plan for today

Catch up on work. This is very important, to allow myself to focus on other things too.
Finish the UT project document. That also is something that allows me to focus on other things and to keep being part of that project (I'd really like that money tbh).

For the Mix block: mix with Japanese. 2 blocks of work, 1 block of Japanese. Doing Anki I guess. Don't tell people you're doing Japanese again, by the way. 

Nutrition: we can eat anything for lunch, but let's try to only eat lunch. Meditate when the cravings happen. Expect there to be cravings.

## What actually happened

We'll write it down here.

I worked a little bit. Why not more? Hmm, I think being sleepy was a problem. Also I did mix work with leisure a bit too. And there was this *gravity well effect* around leaving for Victor's birthday party. So, I think in the future:
- We obviously need to work on our sleep schedule (which I am doing right now by choosing to not revenge sleep procrastinate and have more valuable time tomorrow)
- I need to go back to using the laptop and separate table for work, which is easier since mom isn't using it
- I need to be more generous in budgeting time for this event. Realistically, there was never a way I could work *after* coming home from the party, so I should have considered my workday to end at around 16:30. I need to be more vigilant about situations like these in the future. But it was a pretty singular thing and it was lots of fun!
- The couple hours I spent in the morning working through my feelings and thoughts also took away time. But I think they were well worth it.

I did no Japanese and I did eat a few pizza slices past lunch. Not ideal on the nutrition side. 

## How did I feel?

Pretty good honestly. The introspection in the morning was extremely emotionally helpful and I think amounted to actual, real progress for me and my life. So I don't regret that. I was also able to reconnect with work somewhat smoothly and it didn't feel like things were out of place or that people were too mad at me. So that's nice. 

Overall, I feel like I've had a consistent positive and warm attitude, I jammed out to some really nice music too. Good, chill day. Happy. And the party was sweet, I had a somewhat awkward social moment but the vast majority of the time I was having a nice time, I was able to carry a nice conversation, I had fun playing both bowling and billiard, I had a fun time socializing with everyone and I didn't feel particularly anxious at all. It helped that all of Victor's friends seem nice. I think it wouldn't be terrible to hang out with them more. I think the social connections I already have are not as bad as I thought. Hanging out with Toma, Tudor, Vlad, their respective friend groups, the guys at the card store... there's lots of potential there even before I go to Uni. Maybe none of them will be deep friends of mine but there's nothing wrong with soft social connections, right?

## For Tomorrow

I'd really like to 
- Work on *both* my portfolio and [dream-engine](obsidian://open?vault=organic-vault&file=dream-engine%2Fdream-engine)
- Definitely finish that file for UT
- Be more diligent in separating out the work from non-work. To that end, I should have an hour of non-work so it feels a little less painful to start. But the non-work should not be games I think because I'd feel more motivated from another project
- Ideally do some Japanese stuff: download anki, get the deck and settings ready. I should find a study buddy too on Discord.
- Try a mixed block (mix in Japanese sounds good)
- Start with good hygiene
- Find a nicer way to end the day (no tech for the last hour sounds like a good idea - that pretty much means a book only)
- It'd also be cool if we do this: workout mid-day, clean up around house

Keep blocking time? Yeah, we just have to get a sense for realistic blocks. Maybe adjust pomodorro/find another app? 22 minutes seems a little short. But we'll stick with it for a couple weeks to see how it feels longer term.