## Plan for today

Well, yesterday was a big mess I think. We ended up achieving nothing which we had planned. And I do feel sad about that. Several things happened:
- I played league at the beginning of the day, leading to rage-queuing until I finally won a game. It was a very frustrating experience, I got very upset. This took up about 3 hours of time, I think. I learned that League is just not a healthy part of our life right now, so I uninstalled it. I can come back to it when I decide to play it as a hobby in itself.
- I was still adjusting to the new sleep schedule so I was still rather sleepy. That's natural. Today I feel a lot better and I woke up at 7, got ready by 7:30, all good. Now we need to be consistent and do the same on the weekend.
- I had an hour of existential dread and worrying about everything bad happening. I think that's bound to happen from time to time. I think the solution is clear: choose to engage with media that inspires and helps me, rather than media which scares and exhausts me. There just is no need for world news, american politics etc. If I notice a source is stressing me out, I need to just remove it.
- Mom suggested to eat delivery and I caved :( But it can be okay if I replace one of the weekend "eat anything"  days with yesterday. I'm thinking an alternating pattern, so today is all Huel, tomorrow anything, sunday all Huel (then all Huel for the next week, until we leave, that is)

Also, sitting down all day with no music and no focus sessions simply does not work very well it seems. So let's not do that anymore, eh?

- [ ] Portfolio
- [ ] Alters
- [ ] Japanese
- [ ] Job