Hmm. Yesterday we didn't get as much done as we wanted to. This time it wasn't for lack of sleep (we actually have a solid schedule now imo). I think it has to do with the environment. Working with many distractions, even if not doing multistim, simply doesn't seem to work well. And, well, staying in the house 24/7 contributes to that too. Now that we're done with the stupid video generations, it's possible again to leave the house and work at the library.

Another clear thing is that starting the day with leisure -> work sucks. Why? Because it feels unfair, it feels like we haven't done anything meaningful for us before having to work for someone else. So that sucks. It means that, at least on working days, we should be careful of that impulse, and try to put an intentional leisure break in the middle of a longer work section.

I also feel some volatility inside. In the past few days I've struggled with occasional moments of despair and hopelessness. I think it has to do with attaching a final reward to this work. To a certain extent, yes, I'm working for a specific goal, I want to get hired as a game designer / developer. And that feels like such a difficult thing. And it makes me feel bad because that goal seems so unattainable and everything that I do, if it's for that goal, is worthless if the goal isn't achieved. I think this framing hurts me and is not helpful or healthy.

I think the reality is that 
1) I intrinsically like creating things, and no matter what will happen in my life, making video games, designing worlds, would be part of it. And all the skills and activities that are part of a game are things I love.
2) I really want to start that game studio where people can just join up and practice the art and skills they want to practice, so being actually good at making games is part of something meaningful in itself. And I am making progress on that every day. And this initiative only requires that I feel ready for it, there's no deadline or external judgment.

So those two things mean that making games and getting better at understanding technology, software design etc. are intrinsically valuable, and I've done something good and meaningful every time I sit down to work. This is who I am, and I'm doing something nice for myself. 

But obviously getting a job in the industry *is important to me in itself too.* And that's okay. The issue with that framing is that I feel this very strong time pressure which is not really justified (does it really matter if I get hired at the age of 27, or 28? or 29?). And I'm also thinking about it in a very singular way. Like there's lots of work I need to do and then I hit a specific single threshold and bam, I can get hired then. That's not right either. We know from our existing professional experience that things are fluid. The more you work and meet up with other people in the field and apply yourself, the more opportunities arise. So you're always improving your chances, rather than everything hinging on some threshold. The important part is to get skilled and confident enough and to have something to show as you "put yourself out there."

And maybe this spring, we can take a new course, after we'll already have one project done and a second on the way? Or at least one cool project done and a website.

See, that's more plausible and attainable, right?

## Plan for today

- [ ] A longer portfolio session
- [ ] Play the Alters
- [ ] Draft with bro
- [ ] Japanese
- [ ] Read programming book
- [ ] Read Way of Kings

