## Plan for today

Today unfortunately feels a little bit like a "fake day", because I woke up at around 10:30 and then I did maladaptive daydreaming/reddit until 12:20. We should wake up more decisively. I think the daydreaming is the only difficult thing about that. We should put that energy into creative writing, I think. And also just explicitly schedule some time for it, intentionally.

Even still, we can get a lot done today because I don't think there's a lot of work.

I think we should work out so we can actually go to bed around midnight and not wake up 2hrs later. Ideally we do that so we can wake up at 7 tomorrow.

I'd like to keep going with the Japanese deck, work on my portfolio project, work on the VN game, work out, read World History. Should be doable.

## What actually happened

WELL, we *technically* did everything we set out to, aside from working on the VN and reading. I think it's pretty clear I need a coach for the strength workouts... it's just too annoying on my own. I'll actually go to the gym I guess, as humiliating as that might feel. I'll also ask my brother to borrow his watch to track heartrate on the bike.

We kept up with Japanese, proud of that, good. We also did a respectable amount of work and showered. And we did cycle and work out for a little bit even though it sucked, so that's nice! And yeah, we didn't write any code yet but we did help ourselves with the portfolio project. Any progress is progress. We can keep going tomorrow. We also had a good time taking an intentional break.

This technically marks the first day we finally start this project, and that's just good to do, to lift this rock off our shoulders. Will it feel even better once we actually code for it? Yeah, but doing this today makes continuing tomorrow easier.

And we had good hygiene today, great stuff. And we didn't get so distracted.

I did fall into the trap of "putting a stream in the background" while working on the portfolio project which is just an ill-conceived strategy. Multi-stimulation is just wrong (experienced the same thing while gaming, I just turned it off after a while). We just need to learn to tolerate one stimulus at a time, and then also quiet times without any stimulus for relaxation.

## How I felt

I think I felt pretty good, actually. Just a chill day. I think one clear area of improvement is giving myself more relaxation time and also socializing a bit more, that really helps my mood. I guess today was a little lonely. I need more buddies. I think an MMO can help with that. The contacts I have in my city aren't really always-on gamer types. But the people I'll meet in Uni probably are, and the people I want to meet in the games industry probably are, too.

I don't think I should put all my eggs in one basked, I should try to enter many communities and make connections.

## For tomorrow

I really want to wake up around 7 tomorrow. I want to dream journal, and wake up quickly without doing maladaptive daydreaming. This can be okay if I set aside time for carnal stuff explicitly. Which we will have lots of time for since our day will be literally longer.

I want to keep up the hygiene and only eat once. I want to set aside explicit time for reading and taking notes somewhere during the day. I think working on the portfolio towards the end of the day is a mistake, it should be in the first half, probably before job stuff. I should also respond to the comments on the UT document but we can leave that for the rest of the weekend I guess. Reading fiction should be towards the end of the day, it's tech-free and that is a benefit. 

We should also cycle again. 