## Dream Journal

I remember 3 dreams, all of them NDs
- One anime-like dream involved sleeping with 2 women. That was nice. One of them had green hair I think, I don't remember much else. It happened in a highrise luxury apartment, at night.
- One dream was about redecorating our living  room and placing a sort of divider in the corner where the bed is.
- One dream was about me and a friend I don't remember having recently signed up to fictional special forces in a fictional world. We  get deployed in a desert at night and are tasked with assassinating certain key targets from a militia. We mess up and start getting chased by hundreds of soldiers. We get rescued by a couple elite fighters who have exosuits and are aided by some spirits (like in that anime). They kill every single enemy and pull their spines out, which appear to be made out of rebar. They show us all their spines.

## Plan for today

Today I want to relax and have a good time, and also to keep going on the portfolio, Japanese, reading and the VN game, since I have no intention of working today. I accept that there's a possibility  that I'll be called on to work, but that's okay and I'll still be able to have a good time and meaningfully progress my goals.

I think we should focus on things other than leisure a little bit more today, because tomorrow we've already scheduled a lot of leisure. Still, let's set aside a couple hours to play games with Theo and an hour for The Alters. One thing to remember is that lunch has a tendency to tire us out and make us lethargic, so let's try to get some development work in before that. 

