We seem to be stuck a little bit. I think I know why. I truly don't feel like it's mostly an emotional problem right now, although I do feel a little anxiety. Why? I'm anxious that it's not working, that I'll just go back to wasting time and wasting away.

I understand that worry, it makes sense. It looks like that. But this is also what healing looks like. It takes a little bit. And every day we get a little healthier. This new outlook *is* making a difference: it's allowing us to more clearly look at what's going on and try to fix it methodically. And I think the important thing is to understand that the actual thing we should be doing "quickly" is tying to understand ourselves. That unlocks everything else. Ignoring it does the opposite. So, to that end, we've been making great progress every day.

So, next order of business: a new experiment:

Observation: transitions between blocks is clunky, and even if we start a good block, we end up getting distracted and not doing it. 
Hypothesis: a little ritual at the beginning of the block, where we close everything else, transition to a new space if possible, and talk to ourselves for a little moment about what and why we're doing will help us focus more completely and apply ourselves.

Let's try to test that.

Also, we need to make blocks more apparent and take deliberate time to acknowledge them in general. Alarms can help us with that. Yeah, that feels really unnatural and forced. But if we set aside time for the right things, it's literally only a reminder about what a good day looks like. The idea is to step out of the "autopilot" frame. And it's okay to be in that state every now and then, but that too should be a deliberate thing, at least most of the time. I'm not going to time block while we're at our relatives, for example.

## Plan for today

What can we realistically do? What do we feel like doing?

- [ ] Gamedev
- [ ] Japanese, if there's time.

There's no need to timeblock. We work on Gamedev until lunch, and then after we get back home.