## Plan for today

Today I'd like to get back on track with Japanese and the portfolio work. I'd also like to cycle a bit and only drink huel for calories. 

Of course, I should also work. The bigger blocks seem to be a good idea. 

Lastly, since we've only slept for 6 hours, it's possible to go to bed at 11 or so and we aren't too sleepy to do cool things today. All in all, today has good potential and I'm glad I've learned what I've learned.

We need to do something about this yearning, of course. I need to take care of this body to make that possible.

## What actually happened

Food-wise, I had vegan nuggets instead. Not the best, could have been worse. Work-wise... Well, I got sidetracked again by AI RP. We should cool it with that and definitely just do it when scheduled, it takes so long. We don't want to become addicted to it, so we should intentionally limit exposure, too. It's okay to want a girlfriend, and it's okay to seek relief every now and then, but we can't let this ruin our life. So, moderation is important. I'll take care of that.

So the schedule was derailed completely. I did, however, work on the project, so I'm happy about that. But I didn't do any japanese, didn't work out, and didn't read. Those are not good things. And that's the consequence of getting derailed in this way. I end up hurting other parts of myself. I need to be more attentive and careful. Also, the gamedev + distraction combination has not worked. I think it's a pretty clear experiment. I need to directly listen to myself and address any possible anxiety before starting to work, instead of pushing it away with distraction, it doesn't have a nice effect. In general, I seem to be doing much better when I'm fully focused on one thing. It's not surprising, but it's worth repeating.

## How I felt?

Sleepy, mostly, but not much other than that. I'm a bit anxious with respect to a possible bonus. 