## Plan for today

Priorities: The UT document and video gen for work. Unfortunately we can't really use the laptop because we have to work with video editing software.

One hour for the portfolio project, let's say, also ideally we'd do some work on the VN.

Lunch at 1PM, no other food.
Hydration (let's try just water today)
Going to the post office at 10AM
Set up Japanese, find a study buddy
Intentional hour-long break somewhere in the middle of the day (read or play silksong/alters)
Cycling for 20 minutes
Bed time around 10PM

**Hygiene:**
- [x] Morning brush
- [ ] After lunch
- [ ] Before bed

## What actually happened

I did get the document done for UT! Epic
I did work a little more and made actual progress, even had a sync. Feel on track now (finally)
And I did 200 cards of Anki! Ain't that something?

I  didn't do any of the other stuff, and I'm about to go to bed one hour later. Why? Well:
- Writing the UT document took longer than expected
- I took a really long lust-fueled break
- Lunch took longer than I'd thought
- I was really sleepy and sluggish

 After I am done with this 1.5k deck I will need an actual study plan and a study buddy. Sadly it looks like chatgpt is my Romanian grammar instruction for the time being, until I get a proper tutor again.

We'll try again to get back onto the game dev and computer science path. With forgiveness and compassion. We are trying to change a lot, after all. 
## How I felt

How did I feel? Hmm, mostly drained. I was way sleepier than I'd thought. I was stressed around 6PM because I hadn't done enough but I quickly got some tasks done. So I felt a little relieved after that. And I'm proud of myself for finishing the day off with Japanese. That lifted a little off my chest. Good job, for doing it. That took some strength and it made us feel more confident and clear-headed.
## For tomorrow

So, for tomorrow:
Let's get our sleep debt paid off. Time blocks should be more generous (let's start with something absurd: double each block). Let's make sure we have an outlet for the passions or explicitly abstain. Also, let's have an explicit task list for each work block (you can set this at the beginning of the block, and any time after that is AVAILABLE for the mix-in activity, which we still need to try).