## Plan for today

Today I want to experiment with nice relaxation methods to keep myself chill throughout the day.  We don't have a lot of work, still, which means we simply get the opportunity to do more gamedev and Japanese. Once we get a good schedule going, we should also start studying computer science. We should be careful not to overwhelm ourselves though, so just keep taking a chill rhythm to things and we should be fine. Burning ourselves out achieves nothing.

So, let's try to keep up good hygiene, meditate at least once today, keep going with the gamedev (which we should start doing before job stuff, and also play the alters before job stuff because we can because we woke up early), try mixing up blocks again with Japanese, read history, and end the day with reading Way of Kings. Also, we're  going to have a 60-90min lunch break (let's budget 90 to be safe).

## What actually happened

We did an okay amount of work, importantly though we did try meditation to relax and it was effective. We should keep doing that. We kept up hygiene, specifically we woke up after only about 20-30 minutes and we showered, which was good. We were sort of sleepy though because we probably still had sleep debt and only slept for around 7hrs but it was manageable. We cycled for around 20mins, we read a little World History, and very importantly, we actually worked on our project again! How nice! For a total of 3hrs or so. Most of that was learning and planning but it was still a  good idea because we now know what we need to do.

## How I felt

I felt at peace. Wish I'd socialized more, though. I noticed no resistance or bad feelings at all while working, other than feeling a bit overwhelmed at first with how to handle the grid. But it turned out fine.

## For tomorrow:

I am writing this "tomorrow" so I'll just write my plans in today's note :)



